So what is hot deployment? We can think of hot deployment
as the redeployment of changed classes.
So you deploy a class, and then somebody comes along and changes the code,
maybe to do a bug fix.
You don't want to have to reload the entire application to
deploy that particular class, so we have a mechanism whereby we
can hot deploy certain pieces of code.
It works in a similar way to side‑by‑side deployment.
In that case,
we are loading two classes from different directories or different JAR files.
But now, rather than thinking of changes in terms of location,
we can think of changes over time and update things as
time passes. Hot deployment, for example,
lets the server stay up.
So when we have a 24/7 need, we have a server that has to run all the time.
We can't bring our server down. Hot deployment lets us keep
our server running while making changes,
say, during production. And using this technique, as
long as we code in a certain way, then we can replace our code piecemeals.
We don't need to replace the entire application.
So in a hot deployment scenario, the code is similar to a side‑by‑side scenario.
So here, we create a new URLClassLoader, we call Class.forName, and load
that class using a specific loader. But later on in time,
let's say Friday rather than Monday,
we could do the same thing. So we can create a new URLClassLoader
based on some customer URL, maybe the same URL that we had before, so
the same location, but in that location,
we've now added updated copies our classes, updated copies of our JAR files,
and then call Class.forName on the same class in the same
location, but a different point in time.
And now the Monday class that we loaded previously is not the same as the Friday class that we load now.